# Project-4
Web Desgin

I plan to have a 3 page set up of a sort of interactive dictionary.  The first page will have words floating around and the user must click on one of them.  Depending on the word, the next page will be affected as it will send a query to the next page with the word.  The next page is an empty box where the user must move a magnifying glass attached to the mouse position to search the “empty” box for definitions.  The definitions will appear under the magnifying glass as it passes over the text.  When you click on the right definition, it sends you to a third page with the word and definition displayed.  On this page, next to the word and definition, there is an audio symbol that plays the definition and term.  There is also the reason behind the term and its roots displayed below the word/definition.  Three gifs based on the term and definition will be displayed below these.  At the bottom there will be a box with “words” written on it.  When this box is clicked, it will take the user back to the main page, and they can click on the other words and go through the process over again.  (If possible, I will attempt to make it so that when the “words” box is clicked, it manipulates the html of the page to appear like the first page and loop back to the second when a word is clicked)

In order to accomplish my goal, I will likely need to use Anime.js or Velocity.js.  I will also need JQuery and it may be good to use font awesome icons as well.  I must go over, once again, how to send info between pages using a query.
